.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/case-series-suggestion-for-addition-to-dataset.md, before:

---
name: Case series suggestion for addition to dataset
about: Please use this template to suggest that one or more case series be included
  within the dataset.
title: "[SUGGESTION] {paper DOI} Number of case series': {N}"
labels: ''
assignees: BioWilko

---

A case series will only be included if it fits the inclusion criteria specified in the [original paper](https://doi.org/10.1093/ve/veac050). As well as the inclusion criteria specified within the paper only public sequences with available accessions will be included in this repository via this route.

### Please confirm that each of the below criteria is met by the case series('s) suggested for inclusion:
- [ ] Are at least two SARS-CoV-2 genomes from this case series publicly available?
- [ ] Is there a time period of at least 28 days between the first genome in the series and the last?
- [ ] Is there sufficient public clinical evidence that the patient possessed a suppressed immune system during the time period covered by these genomes?
- [ ] Is there sufficient evidence that these genomes are obtained by sampling the same patient?
- [ ] Is the first genome within the case series sufficiently high (>= 95% coverage overall, 100% in spike gene) quality? Later genomes can be of lower quality but the "day 0" genome is treated as a baseline.

### Information on case series

| Accession | Day / Date | Coverage % | DOI |
| -------------- | ---------------- | ----------------- | --------- |
|                    |                     |                       |
|                    |                     |                       |
|                    |                     |                       |
|                    |                     |                       |
|                    |                     |                       |
|                    |                     |                       |
|                    |                     |                       |
|                    |                     |                       |
|                    |                     |                       |
|                    |                     |                       |
|                    |                     |                       |
|                    |                     |                       |

Commit message:

Update suggestion issue template to include a patient ID

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/case-series-suggestion-for-addition-to-dataset.md, after:

---
name: Case series suggestion for addition to dataset
about: Please use this template to suggest that one or more case series be included
  within the dataset.
title: "[SUGGESTION] {paper DOI} Number of case series': {N}"
labels: ''
assignees: BioWilko

---

A case series will only be included if it fits the inclusion criteria specified in the [original paper](https://doi.org/10.1093/ve/veac050). As well as the inclusion criteria specified within the paper only public sequences with available accessions will be included in this repository via this route.

### Please confirm that each of the below criteria is met by the case series('s) suggested for inclusion:
- [ ] Are at least two SARS-CoV-2 genomes from this case series publicly available?
- [ ] Is there a time period of at least 28 days between the first genome in the series and the last?
- [ ] Is there sufficient public clinical evidence that the patient possessed a suppressed immune system during the time period covered by these genomes?
- [ ] Is there sufficient evidence that these genomes are obtained by sampling the same patient?
- [ ] Is the first genome within the case series sufficiently high (>= 95% coverage overall, 100% in spike gene) quality? Later genomes can be of lower quality but the "day 0" genome is treated as a baseline.

### Information on case series

*Note that patient ID should be arbitrary or the same as the source publication, this is purely to distinguish separate case series' within a single submission*

| Patient ID | Accession | Day / Date | Coverage % | DOI |
| ---------- | --------- | ---------- | ---------- | --- |
|            |           |            |            |     |
|            |           |            |            |     |
|            |           |            |            |     |
|            |           |            |            |     |
|            |           |            |            |     |
|            |           |            |            |     |
|            |           |            |            |     |
|            |           |            |            |     |
|            |           |            |            |     |
|            |           |            |            |     |
|            |           |            |            |     |
|            |           |            |            |     |
|            |           |            |            |     |
